All righty, let's continue with our coding.
Right now we have a failing test.
We need to modify our code to make this test pass.
Let's move over into our student and grade service.
Right now it simply returns false.
That's okay, but we need
to put some real functionality in here.
And first, I want to make sure that we have a student
with this given ID.
And if we don't have that student,
then we'll return false because, hey,
we can't really create a grade
for a student who doesn't exist.
Okay.
So now we'll simply go through and we'll check the grade
and make sure it's a valid grade between zero and 100.
And then we simply check the grade type.
So at the moment, we're saving math grades.
So we check to see if the type is equal to math.
And if so, then I'll make this math grade
and I'll set the ID to zero.
And at the moment, the math grade is red.
This is actually a bean that we can inject.
So in our NVC testing example application,
we have this bean as a prototype scoping,
what we can do in this service
is that we can actually inject that bean
and then make use of it for this given example.
So up here I'll make use
of injecting that given bean.
Excellent.
So that injects that math grade bean as a prototype.
And now I can simply use it.
I'll set the grade to the actual parameter
that was passed in.
I do similar thing here for student ID,
and then I'll actually save the grade
using the math grade Dao.
Now at the moment, the math grade Dao is red,
we simply need to inject it.
All righty, so that's our math grade Dao.
Okay.
That looks pretty good.
So that should take care of that red item
that we had down in our method.
So this line is a okay.
And now I can simply return true because, hey,
we successfully saved that given math grade.
Now let's swing back over to our test
and let's run this test and see how it works for us.
And the test passes.
So this is great.
And you can even look at the SQL here on the console window
and see that it actually doesn't insert into math grade.
We know that it's actually saving us in the database
and we also verify that in our test.
So this looks really good.
I'm happy.